ansible
    Definição e automação de infraestrutura de TI
    Integração com diversas plataformas de clound 
    Comunicação unificada por SSH com servidores remotos
        Comandos definidos por configuração
arcanist
    Integração de linha de comando com Phabricator
    Phabricator
        Dashboard com chat, links e integração com GIT
        Sistema de comunicação de equipes e organização de projetos
asdf
    Gerenciamento da versão da ferramenta por projeto
        Ex. versão do java, ou do python a ser usada no projeto
        Suporte a multiplas versoes instaladas
autoenv
    Ajuste automatico de variaveis de ambiente por diretorio
autojump
    Mantem um banco de dados dos diretorio mais visitados
    j foo - Pula para um o primeiro diretorio mais usado que contenha foo
autopep8
    Formatação automática de codigo Python
aws
    Integração com o serviço AWS
battery
    Permite integrar informações da bateria no tema do console
bbedit
   Plugin for BBEdit, an HTML and text editor for Mac OS X
bgnotify
    cross-platform background notifications for long running commands! Supports OSX and Ubuntu linux.
boot2docker
    Using docker-machine commands, you can start, inspect, stop, and restart a managed host, 
bower
   Bower -  A package manager for the web
branch
   Displays the current Git or Mercurial branch 
brew
   The missing package manager for macOS (or Linux) 
bundler
    Bundler provides a environment for Ruby projects by installing the exact gems and versions that are needed.
cabal
    Cabal, a build tool for Haskell.
cake
cakephp3
    CakePHP framework para sites PHP
capistrano
    A remote server automation and deployment tool written in Ruby.
cargo
    Cargo is the Rust package manager. 
cask
    Cask is a project management tool for Emacs Lisp to automate the package development cycle
catimg
    Mostrar imagens em baixa definição no terminal
celery
    Celery - Distributed Task Queue
chruby
   Changes the current Ruby.
chucknorris
    Print random Chuck Norris quote
cloudapp
    CloudApp plugin allows you to upload a file to your CloadApp 
cloudfoundry
    Interface de gerenciamento de serviços clound de multiplos provedores
codeclimate
    COMERCIAL: Analise de dados de commits e tickets para relatórios gerenciais
coffee
    Coffeescript plugin - compilação e preview
colemak
    Colemak - modelo de layout de teclado não padrao (QWERTY)
*colored-man-pages
    Man pages coloridas :D
colorize
    ccat - syntax hightlight para o cat pelo tipo de arquivo 
command-not-found
    Caso o programa nao seja encontrado, indica os pacotes que contem o programa chamado
common-aliases 
    varios aliases para ls e outras comuns
compleat
    Generate tab completion for any shell command by specifying its usage in a familiar manpage-like format
composer
    A Dependency Manager for PHP
copybuffer
    Atalho para copiar para o clipboard o que esta digitado na linha de comando
copydir
    Copia o caminho da pasta atual para clipboard
copyfile
    Copia o conteudo de um arquivo para o clipboard
*cp
    Usa o rsync para fazer a copia adicionando mais segurança e melhor acomanhamento
cpanm
    Instalador de modulos Perl a partir do CPAN 
dash
    Ferramenta para de consulta de API no macOs
*debian
    Comandos especificos do debian - apt apitude .. 
dircycle
    Atalho para alternar entre diretorios visitados    
dirhistory
    Atalho para navegar no historico de pastas
dirpersist
    Mantem o historico dos ultimos 20 diretorios visitados
django
    Django is a high-level Python Web framework
dnf
    dnf is the new package manager for RPM-based distributions, which replaces yum
*dnote
    Base de conhecimento pessoal com lembretes automaticos
doctl
    doctl is a command line interface for the DigitalOcean API.
dotenv
    Automatically load your project ENV variables from .env file when you cd into project root directory.
drush
    Shell para o drupal
eecms
    ExpressionEngine CMS
emacs
    This plugin utilizes the Emacs daemon capability
ember-cli
    Ember framework javascript node
emoji
    Support for conveniently working with Unicode emoji in Zsh.
emoji-clock
    The plugin displays current time as an emoji symbol with half hour accuracy.
emotty
    This plugin returns an emoji for the current $TTY number so it can be used in a prompt.
encode64
    Alias plugin for encoding or decoding using base64 command
extract
    Plugin para extrair varios arquivos
fabric
     library designed to execute shell commands remotely over SSH, yielding useful Python objects in return
fancy-ctrl-z
    Use Ctrl-Z to switch back to Vim
fasd
    Fasd offers quick access to files and directories
fastfile   
     ability to on the fly generate and access file shortcuts.
fbterm
    This plugin automatically starts fbterm if on a real TTY
        FbTerm - a fast FrameBuffer based TERMinal emulator for linux
fd
    This plugin adds completion for the file search tool fd, also known as fd-find.
fedora
   The fedora plugin is deprecated. Use the dnf plugin instead.
firewalld
    This plugin adds some aliases and functions for FirewallD using the firewalld-cmd command.
fluttar
    Flutter is Google's UI toolkit for crafting beautiful, natively compiled applications for mobile, web, and desktop from a single codebase
forklift
    FTP osx
fossil
    Fossil is a simple, high-reliability, distributed software configuration management system 
frontend-search
    Pesquisa na documentação de componentes para frontend web
fzf
    fuzzy auto completion
gas
    gnu assembler - compilador
gatsby
    Gatsby is a free and open source framework based on React 
gb
    A project based build tool for the Go programming language.
gcloud
    This plugin provides completion support for the Google Cloud SDK CLI.
geeknote
    Geeknote is a command line client for Evernote that can be use on Linux,
gem
    This plugin adds completions and aliases for Gem - Ruby
glassfish
    glassfish app server java
*globalias
    Expande automaticamente expressoes glob, subcomandos e aliases
gnu-utils
    Coleção de aplicações gnu
go
    Depreciado
golang
    Comando da linguagem go
gpg-agent
    The GNU Privacy Guard 
gradle
    Comandos do gradle o programa de build Java 
grails
    Groovy-based web application framework for the JVM
grunt   
    JavaScript Task Runner - automatizador de tarefas com javascript
gulp
   Javascript automation
hanami
    Hanami is a modern web framework for Ruby.
helm
    The package manager for Kubernetes
heroku
    Heroku is a cloud platform as a service (PaaS) that lets companies build, deliver, monitor, and scale apps.
*history
    command to examine your command line history 
*history-substring-search
   type in any part of any previously entered command and press the UP and DOWN arrow keys to cycle through the matching commands. 
homestead
    Laravel Homestead is an official, pre-packaged Vagrant box that provides you a development environment without requiring you to install PHP, a web server, and any other server software on your local machine. 
htpie
    command line HTTP client, a friendlier cURL replacement.
iterm2
    macos
jake-node
    JavaScript build tool for NodeJS
jenv
    jenv is a Java version manager similiar to
jhbuild
   JHBuild is a program that can be used to pull a number of modules from a variety of sources (CVS, Subversion, Git, Bazaar, tarballs...) and build them in the correct order 
jira
    Atlassian's JIRA bug tracking software
jruby   
    The Ruby Programming Language on the JVM
jsontools
   Handy command line tools for dealing with json data.
jump
    This plugin allows to easily jump around the file system by manually adding marks.
kate
    This plugin adds aliases for the Kate editor.
keychain
    This plugin starts automatically keychain to set up and load whichever credentials you want for both gpg and ssh connections.
kitchen
    kitchen.ci testes em diferentes infraestruturas
knife
    chef.io - Chef Enterprise Automation Stack -  
knife_ssh
kops
    kops helps you create, destroy, upgrade and maintain production-grade, highly available, Kubernetes clusters from the command line
kubectl
    kubectl controls the Kubernetes cluster manager.
kube-ps1
    A Kubernetes zsh prompt that displays the current cluster cluster and the namespace.
laravel
    autocompletion for Laravel Artisan and Bob command-line interfaces.
laravel4
     aliases for common Laravel 4 commands.
laravel5
    common Laravel 5 commands.
last-working-dir
    Keeps track of the last used working directory and automatically jumps into it for new shells
lein    
    Leiningen Clojure build tool.
lighthouse
    Beautifully Simple Issue Tracking
lol
    Plugin for adding catspeak aliases, because why not
macports
    The MacPorts Project is an open-source community initiative to design an easy-to-use system for compiling, installing, and upgrading either command-line, X11 or Aqua based open-source software on the Mac operating 
*magic-enter
    This plugin makes your enter key magical, by binding commonly used commands to it.
man
    This plugin adds a shortcut to insert man before the previous command.
marked2
    Plugin for Marked 2, a previewer for Markdown files on Mac OS X
mercurial
    Mercurial is a free, distributed source control management tool.
meteor
    Meteor is an open source platform for web, mobile, and desktop
minikube
    Local Kubernetes, focused on application development & education
mix
    Mix is a build tool that provides tasks for creating, compiling, and testing Elixir projects, managing its dependencies, and more.
mosh
    This plugin allows SSH tab completion for mosh hostnames.
mvn
    The mvn plugin provides many useful aliases as well as completion for the Apache Maven command 
mysql-macports
    macos
n98-magerun 
    The swiss army knife for Magento(E-commerce) developers, sysadmins and devops.
nanoc
    Nanoc is a static-site generator, fit for building anything from a small personal blog to a large corporate website.
ng
    This ng plugin adds completion support for Angular's CLI (named ng).
*nmap
    Adds some useful aliases for nmap similar to the profiles in zenmap.
node
    Node.js aliases
nomad
   Nomad is a flexible workload orchestrator that enables an organization  
npm
    Node package manager
npx
    execute npm package binaries
nvm
    Node.js version manager. 
nyan
    This plugin adds a command to display Nyan Cat (japansese cat meme) right inside your terminal.
oc
    Red Hat's private, on-premise cloud application deployment and hosting platform.
osx
    macos
otp
    One time passwords
pass
    completion for the pass password manager.
paver
    A paver (Python build and configuration utility) plugin
pep8
     a tool to check your Python code against some of the style conventions in PEP 8
*percol
    Provides some useful function to make percol work with zsh history and jump plugin
    percol is an interactive grep tool in your terminal
*per-directory-history
   This plugin adds per-directory history for zsh, as well as a global history, and the ability to toggle between them with a keyboard shortcut. 
perl
    This plugin adds perl useful aliases/functions.
*perms
    Plugin to handle some unix filesystem permissions quickly
phing
    it's a PHP project build system or build tool based on Apache Ant
pip
    completion for pip, the Python package manager.
pipenv
    Pipenv is a tool that aims to bring the best of all packaging worlds (bundler, composer, npm, cargo, yarn, etc.) to the Python world.
pj
    The pj plugin (short for Project Jump) allows you to define several folders where you store your projects
*please
    Please is a cross-language build system with an emphasis on high performance, extensibility and reproducibility.
pod
   macos 
*postgres
    This plugin adds some aliases for useful Postgres commands.
pow
    macos
powder
    macos
powify
    macos
profiles
    This plugin allows you to create separate configuration files for zsh based on your long hostname (including the domain).
pyenv
    Simple Python version management
pylint
    This plugin adds code analysis for python through Pylint.
python
   The plugin adds several aliases for useful python commands.
rails
    This plugin adds completion for Ruby On Rails Framework and Rake commands, as well as some aliases for logs and environment variables.
rake
    This plugin adds support for rake, the Ruby build tool or Ruby Make.
rake-fast
    Fast rake autocompletion plugin.
rand-quote
    Displays a random quote taken from quotationspage.com
rbenv
    The primary job of this plugin is to provide rbenv_prompt_info which can be added to your theme to include Ruby version and gemset information into your prompt.
rbfu
    Minimal Ruby version management is minimal.
react-native
    React Native combines the best parts of native development with React, a best-in-class JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
rebar
    This plugin adds completions for the rebar Erlang build tool.
redis-cli
    redis-cli is the Redis command line interface, a simple program that allows to send commands to Redis, and read the replies sent by the server, directly from the terminal.
repo
    Repo helps us manage the many Git repositories, does the uploads to our revision control system, and automates parts of the Android development workflow.
ripgrep
    ripgrep recursively searches directories for a regex pattern
ros
    Roswell is a Lisp implementation installer/manager, launcher, and much more!
rsync
    This plugin adds aliases for frequent rsync commands.
ruby
    This plugin adds aliases for common commands used in dealing with Ruby and gem packages.
rust
    This plugin adds completion for rustc, the compiler for the Rust programming language.
rvm
    This plugin adds some utility functions and completions for Ruby Version Manager.
*safe-paste
    Preventing any code from actually running while pasting, so you have a chance to review what was actually pasted before running it.
salt
    Software to automate the management and configuration of any infrastructure or application at scale. 
sbt
    The interactive build tool Define your tasks in Scala. Run them in parallel from sbt's interactive shell. 
scala
    The Scala Programming Language
*scd
    scd - smart change of directory
screen
    This plugin sets title and hardstatus of the tab window for screen, the terminal multiplexer.
scw
    Manage BareMetal Servers from Command Line
sdk
    SDKMAN! is a tool for managing parallel versions of multiple Software Development Kits on most Unix based systems.
sfdx    
    plugin provides autocompletion for the Salesforce DX CLI.    
sfffe
shrink-path
    A plugin to shrink directory paths for brevity and pretty-printing
singlechar
    This plugin adds single char shortcuts (and combinations) for some commands.
spring
    spring Boot makes it easy to create stand-alone, production-grade Spring based Applications that you can "just run".
sprunge
    This plugin uploads data and fetch URL from the pastebin http://sprunge.us
ssh-agent
    This plugin starts automatically ssh-agent to set up and load whichever credentials you want for ssh connections.
stack
    Stack is a cross-platform program for developing Haskell projects
sublime
    Plugin for Sublime Text, a cross platform text and code editor
*sudo
    Easily prefix your current or previous commands with sudo by pressing esc twice
supervisor
    Supervisor is a client/server system that allows its users to monitor and control a number of processes on UNIX-like operating systems.
suse
    Varios aliases para o SUSE
svcat
    Consume services in Kubernetes using the Open Service Broker API https://svc-cat.io
svn
    This plugin adds some utility functions to display additional information regarding your current svn repository. See https://subversion.apache.org/ for the full svn documentation.
svn-fast-info
    Faster alternative to the current SVN plugin implementation.
swiftpm
    Swift Package Manager - IOS
symfony
    PHP framework for web projects
symfony2
    PHP framework for web projects
*systemadmin
    This plugin adds a series of aliases and functions which make a System Administrator's life easier.
*systemd
    The systemd plugin provides many useful aliases for systemd.
*taskwarrior
    Taskwarrior is Free and Open Source Software that manages your TODO list from the command line
terminitor
    Consular (terminitor old name) automates your development workflow setup.
terraform
    Use Infrastructure as Code to provision and manage any cloud, infrastructure, or service
textastic
    macos
textmate
    The plugin adds a function for the TextMate editor.
thefuck
    The Fuck plugin — magnificent app which corrects your previous console command.
*themes
   plugin allows you to change ZSH theme on the go.
thor
   this plugin adds completion for Thor, a ruby toolkit for building powerful command-line interfaces.
*tig
    Tig is an ncurses-based text-mode interface for git. It functions mainly as a Git repository browser
*timer
    This plugin allows to display command's execution time in a very nonintrusive way.
*tmux
    This plugin provides aliases for tmux, the terminal multiplexer. 
*tmux-cssh
    ClusterSSH is a tool for making the same change on multiple servers at the same time. 
tmuxinator
    This plugin provides completion for tmuxinator, as well as aliases for frequent tmuxinator commands.
torrent
    This plugin creates a Torrent file based on a MagnetURI.
*transfer
    transfer.sh is an easy to use file sharing service from the command line
tugboat
    This plugin adds autocompletion for Tugboat, a command line tool for interacting with your DigitalOcean droplets.
*ubuntu
    This plugin adds completions and aliases for Ubuntu.
ufw
    This plugin adds completion for managing everybody's favorite Uncomplicated Firewall (UFW)
urltools
    This plugin provides two aliases to URL-encode and URL-decode strings.
vagrant
    This plugin adds autocompletion for Vagrant commands, task names, box names and built-in handy documentation.
vagrant-prompt
    deprecated
vault
    deprecated
vim-interaction
    Função para interagir com a sessão aberta do vim
*vi-mode
    This plugin increase vi-like zsh functionality.
virtualenv
  The plugin displays information of the created virtual container  
virtualenvwrapper
    The plugin allows to automatically activate virtualenvs on cd into git repositories with a matching name
vscode
    This plugin makes interaction between the command line and the code editor easier.
vundle
    This plugin adds functions to control vundle plug-in manager for vim.
*wakeonlan
    This plugin provides a wrapper around the "wakeonlan" tool
*wd
    wd (warp directory) lets you jump to custom directories in zsh, without using cd
web-search
    This plugin adds aliases for searching with Google, Wiki, Bing, YouTube and other popular services.
wp-cli
    WP-CLI is a set of command-line tools for managing WordPress installations. You can update plugins, set up multisite installs and much more, without using a web browser.
xcode
    macos
yarn
    This plugin adds completion for the Yarn package manager. Yarn - Node.js package manager.
yii
    Yii is a fast, secure, and efficient PHP framework.
yii2
    Yii2 is a fast, secure, and efficient PHP framework.
yum
    This plugin adds useful aliases for common Yum commands.Yum is an automatic updater and package installer/remover for rpm systems.
z
   Tracks your most used directories, based on 'frecency'.
zeus
    Zeus preloads your Rails app so that your normal development tasks such as console, server, generate, and specs/tests take less than one second.
*zsh-navigation-tools
    Set of tools like n-history – multi-word history searcher, n-cd – directory bookmark manager, n-kill – htop like kill utility, and more.
*zsh_reload
    The zsh_reload plugin defines a function to reload the zsh session with just a few keystrokes.
